Sprint 1 Retrospective Meeting
Date: 4/2/24
Attendees: 
Ethan Woods
Chance Hughes
Kaghan Odom
Quinn Bromley
Hayden O'Keefe
Jacob Kuruvilla

Time: 5:20PM - 5:55 PM

What went right and wrong during the previous sprint?
chance - Assigned tasks were easy so no complications. Discussion was low, so self liberty to make up schemas for database etc. Not enough tasks/even task distribution. Need to be more apparent if needing help.
quinn - web services made it uploaded. initial database implementation broke the webpage. fine with the way tasks were structured. got to work on items he was strong with.
kaghan - working with team members made coordination easier, and completing tasks easier. solo working gave some issues, but overall making it past the learning curve was the biggest challenge.
hayden - coordination of tasks was low, and priorities were mixed up. Development of the web services was tough due to new software and framework. testing was hard since database tables were big. sprint goal was set low, which lowered stress. allowed for team to rise to greater than expected. set a good standard for moving forward. weekend work time allowed for good time management. planning was low. make a better plan going forward for next sprints
coby - team progress was good. happy with how the team performed their individual tasks. communication was tough due to high workload, but was still able to do individual work. having individual tasks was nice to focus on specific work rather than wait for team




What changes (if any) need to be made regarding procedure?
team collaboration needs to change going forward. we need to be more in touch with each other and what we are all doing. If someone needs help, don't be afraid to ask or reach out.
team collaboration x2, check ins/what people are doing
team collaboration x3, communicate who is doing what and everyone needs to be learning and collaborate on both sides, front and back
team collaboration x4, more meetings with each other to address communication issues. collaboration between front end and back end needs to be improved through constant communication. check ins to what people are doing
team collaboration x5. Knowledge sharing is key as to who is doing what. communication between team members completing what task etc

What adjustments might need to be made to the product backlog?
maybe adding more in between tasks. major tasks can be broken down into smaller tasks. more specific/repetitive tasks could be
tasks are generalized. tasks could be broken down into more specific, smaller tasks
maybe add more tasks to help stay on track



